we were moving right along here at the
flex magazine workout doing five steps
tryna get some big arms yeah I know when
I first started out to invite dusters
like I fell into it because the girls
always liked big arms and stuff in high
school a lot of guys do that the
opportunity to over train their arms
trying to get big for detention to the
females or something exactly the same
way when I was first starting I was at
school and during the school shift which
way the school really taught across
me arm so they loved the arms anyway
Frank's demonstrating here is the one on
alternate dumbbell curl it's just
another version of the standing barbell
curl but you can get a little bit more
isolated movement here as well it's a
little more body English Frank's not
doing it too hard but that's good
okay good maybe he's gonna grab the
heavier stuff you can go pretty heavy in
this exercise if you use a little
momentum yeah momento - go do this but
that's where the cheat principle comes
in and is it quite often on this deck
side and you'll notice how big Lee's
arms are again a guy 5'4 220 pounds 230
pounds he's got some big guns big guns
how're you Frank when you turn
professional I mean this guy turned pro
at 20 years old and some guys just
barely out of high school at 20 I guess
I was about 26 27 but the average age
for the pros I think on the average like
27 28 years old
so the getting younger and younger as
they get more involved in weight
training at younger ages and I think
that accounts for a lot of the fantastic
develop out guys like Lee jet as they
get into their 20s they just start
younger yeah absolutely
that's it
knock them out Lee how much weight I go
up to in this exercise normally I stick
around the six to the seven Newtown but
I know an occasion when I go crazy
offering up to 100 pounds wow there's a
lot of weight very good shine here's
what he's up going here a cheat a little
bit
really that's it
packs on the sides okay take it out very
good
what is it okay now first technically
pound dumbbells I don't I don't start
with that but again it depend on your
chicken flat provider duties a little
differently facedown on the incline okay
I do them this way I emphasize the
finish of the exercise that gives me a
good keeps advisor working bike this
here's got an eyeful of bench to isolate
them he can only use this bike that's on
it the exercise they're a really big
influence unless you pull your chest up
off the bench bench and again Freight to
being the veteran that he is he's strict
with reform losing a weight that he
could handle that's why you get the
emphasis on the bike that goes to heavy
in this no that's obvious
I believe in the house is gonna grab a
Stephanie Lee so the traditional way how
you do the incline dumbbell curl how do
you what did you evolve into that is
that some humans in it I've never seen
that done that way it takes a lot of
stress off the front deltoid I used to
do incline curls like this for many
years and anyway it's so much it's a
great stretch and great for the outer
biceps but it's also a lot of a lot of
stress on the front delt yeah and you
think you had a shoulder problem
shoulder problems of forced me to
discontinue this movement and do it the
other way right well Lisa
he's an excellent arm and again this is
only forty five pounds and no uses a lot
more he's twisting the wrist at the
bottom twisting and contracting at the
top a lot of brachioradialis work on
that put over my forearms to as far as
okay what's your best weight on this
would leak I'm the only fully around the
70 can 80 we thought I'll try keep a
strict where some people are trying in
the gym strange there you go and go to
heavy and lose the format's always put
the how many reps dunno but if you want
no matter stick the six-day trip for
math contest time I can go a bit higher
I like high reps myself on biceps I
really start feeling a pump when I get
around and well but even sometimes
fifteen reps are you trying I rep son
biceps when I started bodybuilding I was
doing like 50 repetitions I was trading
with a guy named John Brown and he was
just trying to murder me here step after
step we did a lot of drop dead
but I've evolved in around the 8 to 12
range alright let's do some cable curls
alright this is also again like I said
cables are for girls a lot of guys think
the cable exercises are strictly for
women the top pros and the best people
use the the cables again a lot of the
top bodybuilders use at pre-contest
because they're trying to pack on the
mat by using the freeways this is going
to help you as far as the of adding the
detail into your biceps keeping the
elbows close to your strip your body you
want to squeeze at the top and stretch
at the bottom good
one thing I found very helpful is to
keep the wrist straight keeping the rig
right right instead of doing it like
that that takes tension off the bison
keep your wrist straight right alright
Lee who is your influence in
bodybuilding and how'd you get into it
the grandfather is really risk for in
the army a wrestler he got me started
then Sean over for some hurdle yes got
Arnold started many people off in the
bodybuilding of course he's moved on to
figure out better things now but I
learned a lot about bicep training from
Arnold yeah this thing about keeping the
wrist straight for example is one key
thing that I learned from him very good
I got a walk before we can run and
luckily for Lee I mean he found his
niche early on and that's why the
professional or a lot of people they
want to be professionals right away and
they want to get up there with the big
guys you got to put in your put in your
time and pay your dues pay attention to
nutrition and rest and recuperation as
well as working hard good I know that in
bodybuilding leave Frank lead breaker we
find out what you want to do in life
early enough you can hit there a lot
faster whereas a lot of people stumble
into bodybuilding later on and it takes
a little longer you can enjoy it too
yeah take your time and do a good job
ok ok Sean let's go you guys stay with
us we got a lot more action coming up
here at the Flex workout flex magazine
workout squeeze in it big bar thick here
we go
good reps